# Intro

Call me Al - it's short for Ishmael. I'm the sole member of a team of medical professionals willing to speak out about the non consensual psychological experiment we conducted on a middle aged man starting in the year 2022. This is a series of writings such to hope that no other medical team approaches something in such a manner ever again. Some may be written from the Test Subject's perspective, some may be from the leadership of the experiment, and some essays may be from my own perspective.

Below is a description of the outline of major themes. They will be broken into folders to represent sections, and each section will contain essays on the experiment and the Test Subject.

## I. - All our research data is invalid

In short, the Test Subject knew exactly what we were trying to prove - that he suffered from delusional disorder - as well as the apparatus we were using to prove such a thing, which was constant audio and video surveillance taken without their consent. The Test Subject used our apparatus to fill us with false positives such to attempt to get us to confirm our diagnosis in a confrontation where the Test Subject could then admit to have been lying after getting us to confirm that we were non consensually observing them at all times. We think he didn't like being spied upon for such a reason, and chose this path as an emotional reaction to his consent being overlooked and his privacy being invaded, as well as his perception that his family abandoned him to this fate.

This was a theory greatly in debate amongst the members of the experiment, dubbed the "Peep-Odd", and was routinely cast aside as impossible by the experiment's leading professional. It is my opinion, Al's, that the leader of the Peep-Odd did not want to admit to being wrong in the first place and oddly got into a sort of competition with the Test Subject, and sought to best the Test Subject's gambit as opposed to thinking of how to best treat the man as a professional.

## II. - The Test Subject qualified for Borderline Personality Disorder prior to our tests

Based on the Test Subject's own history as discovered via spying on the subject, he had a number of personal, family, emotional, and financial issues that would all point to BPD being a potential diagnosis. Furthermore, his therapist to whom he was willingly and consensually seeing at the experiment's start was testing this by seeing how the Test Subject would react to Dialectical Behavioral Therapy, or DBT, which is used to quite often treat those with BPD. The leaders of the Peep-Odd ignored the therapist's comments against our experiment. The therapist could no longer continue working with the Test Subject as the therapist felt the Peep-Odd was doing harm, and the therapist did not wish to break the Hippocratic oath. This was originally treated as a boon to the Peep-Odd's leadership, calling the therapist "dead weight" for not willing to "crack a few already cracked eggs."

## III. - The Peep-Odd acted unethically and may have committed Medical Malpractice

The Peep-Odd contained a score of medical professionals whom should have known better. If BPD was even a possibility, then inflaming it by utilizing the man's known personal associations, particularly their family, was doing harm, especially since the man already felt emotionally abandoned by his family prior to the tests being conducted. It is well known that a trigger and cause for BPD can be a history of realistic or perceived abandonment, even and particularly at times emotional abandonment.

Furthermore, there is research to suggest that those with BPD can also suffer from hallucinations and delusions. As the Test Subject was aware of BPD being a potential diagnosis of his the whole time via their own knowledge of DBT as introduced by the therapist, we cannot conclude if any of our evidence to suggest the man had delusional disorder wasn't either faked (see part I), or in fact caused by us due to aggravating his BPD on purpose such to test other theories about the Test Subject which were far more esoteric and personal to the Peep-Odd's theories on the subject, instead of backed by clinical research that was readily available to the members of the Peep-Odd. That this was being spoken to and ignored in the experiment's opening stages lays the groundwork for an argument of criminal Medical Malpractice, with the only grey area being that technically, the Test Subject had and has no way to confirm that they were being tested on, save for the ethical requirement to let the subject know once the tests have concluded.

In addition, the Test Subject's confidentiality and employability was greatly harmed as the leadership kept telling people and potential employers about the Test Subject, even engaging with Reality TV producers whom leaked the test to a concert of entertainers in the social sphere colloquially referred to as "show biz." The Test Subject became aware of this and the Peep-Odd may have further inflamed the Test Subject's BPD by introducing a potential new set of relations that the Test Subject acted out in front of such to avoid being abandoned yet again as the Test Subject had been by his family, and to us. The "show biz" types found it entertaining and spread the word themselves, further damaging the Test Subject's confidentiality, though likely in the spirit of protecting his well being from the leadership of the Peep-Odd.

That confidentiality, employability, and consent is genuinely enshrined as requirements for a medical test to be seen as remotely ethical is not in question, but what is in question is why the leadership of the Peep-Odd ignored such a thing, though in my perspective it would have something to do with the potential fame to be gained by being on Reality TV, something the Test Subject seemed abhorred by as a reality for himself. That such rules of ethics are not just written to the spirit of a diverse, equitable, and inclusive humanity, but indeed to prevent malpractice, or harm, from being done by one human being to another, is something that also should have been obvious to many of the medical professionals in charge.

## IV. - The Test Subject's family were unfit to provide an objective view of the Test Subject

Most fears of harm were allayed at first by the willingness of the Test Subject's family to back the initial prognosis, with particular regards to the mother, whom was a respected Neuro-Developmental Pediatrician. This helped to overlook over a decade of on and off estrangement between the family and the subject. However, after further study of the subject's family, as well as their actions that could represent emotional abandonment by way of bullying on the father and sister's part, and emotional abandonment by way of lacking empathy and relational abilities with adults on the mother's part, it was later found that the subject's family, despite their professional leanings, could not be trusted to see past personal difficulties they had with their only son and brother such to justify their consent of the experiment invalidating the Test Subject's own right to consent of being under such an experiment.

The mother, the one with the supposed medical qualifications such to justify the bypassing of the subject's consent, oddly played little to no role in correlating with the professionals of the Peep-Odd, further maligning the choice to trust her in allowing this to happen to her son in the first place. The Test Subject expressed, via our surveillance, that the mother lacked socialization amongst adults, something that surveillance of the mother proved correct, as well as the mother's lack of interaction or interrogation of her medical peers whom were evaluating her own son, leading to question's about the capacity of the mother to have empathy for other adults, which is not to question her standing as a respected Pediatrician.

## V. - The Peep-Odd's legacy is an argument for stricter laws around medical consent in America

In the United Kingdom, a law named the MCA - the Mental Capacity Act - exists to prevent such scenarios by requiring strict guidelines over when consent can be bypassed. The only silver lining for the Peep-Odd is that it's story may be used for a legal argument in the future to secure such a regulation in America.

The Peep-Odd's connections to law enforcement and the courts, both at a federal and state level, as well as numerous private corporations, created millions of dollars of costs to taxpayers and corporate shareholders alike. Furthermore, potentially billions were lost considering the distraction this served.

Finally, the Peep-Odd's constant interference with federal and state level legal systems suggests that crimes which took place in the jurisdiction of the Test Subject during the time of the test may have indeed been prevented had it not been for the leadership of the Peep-Odd causing a distraction in hopes of making the Test Subject do something criminal himself.

That the Peep-Odd's story may serve as a future rubric to prevent consent being broken such to force a medical team to willingly do harm by attempting to give someone a disorder in order to validate their original prognosis is one thing, that it can prevent future loss of economic value is another, but truly the Peep-Odd's story being told in order to avoid it may just help crime to be stopped by not seeking to medically allow it's creation in the first place.
