# The Test Subject's Epilogue

NOTES:  The "conclusions" should differ from each perspective such to leave the reader asking what actually happened, without being definitive. From the Test Subject's POV, he got the experimenters to "run away and hide." As an "anti hero", this was his most hopeful goal, seeking a defeat of ego and not anything else. He can no longer feel any idea of the experiment's continuation and has returned to his normative life, being a computer programmer somewhere and paying down his debts slowly before oblivion, his or the earth's, comes to take place - whichever first. The first sentence could be osmething like "You're goddamn right I got these fuckers to run away and hide. Took them long enough."

As a lead in to Amathia, the test subject should talk about recently embracing therapy for BPD and starting to adapt to the wise mind concept. He should realize his actions and reactions were of an emotional origin, and that the trials and tribulations of the near two years of being under a non consenual experiment showed him that he could have avoided the whoel thing if he had acted a bit more in the name of wisdom than emotional reaction. However, the Test Subject is forgiving to himself, realizing the experiment caused them to act out in attention seeking ways due to it aggravating his BPD as well as continue the experiment the more Dr. Harm saw the Test Subject's mental illness as a thing to curate instead of cure.

The point here, before getting to Dr. Harm, is that the lower levels of society have a chance to defeat their Amathia as they can recognize the harm it causes them, whereas Dr. Harm and his employers' suffer from a beautiful indifference of such a thing due to being constantly distracted by the rightful grandeur of their place in the world denying them a chance to see their true reflection, and leading them down a path of twisting society against reflecting upon truth itself as a consequence of their power blinding them to their own Amathia.
